Testing Info added in Readme (#198)
mushorg/snare: README.md

You obviously want to bind to 0.0.0.0 and port 80 when running in <i>production</i>.

## Testing

In order to run the tests and receive a test coverage report, we recommend running `pytest`:

>     sudo pytest --cov-report term-missing --cov=snare tests/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    pip install pytest pytest-cov
    sudo pytest --cov-report term-missing --cov=snare snare/tests/
```

Reviewer: Let's add some information on how to install dependencies and the complete test path assuming run from the root folder

Author: Much Better! Thanks

You obviously want to bind to 0.0.0.0 and port 80 when running in <i>production</i>.

## Testing

> For testing speedily along with full coverage report, we recommend running `pytest` on tests folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run the tests and receive a test coverage report, we recommend running `pytest`:
```

Author: Thanks for the review, will do the changes shortly :)

>     cd snare/snare

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
